				Tontito’s Web Server (TnTWS) Features

01 . Normal file downloading and static page view

02 . Resume capabilities for all Web based programs

03 . Allows auto start and port changing on the fly (set by admin)

04 . Allows optional folder listing

05 . Allows unlimited number of virtual folders (set by admin)

06 . Allows optional file Downloads (set by admin)

07 . Allows virtual folder to be invisible (set by admin)

08 . Allows login and password on virtual folders (set by admin)

09 . Allows Ip blocking or only works for specific Ips (set by admin)

10 . Allows connection limit control based on max number of total connections and connections by IP (set by admin)

11 . Single shoutcast song

12 . Allows several styles for folder listing and shoutcast listing (set by admin)

13 . Runs MHTML server side scripting language

14 . Allows chan advertising where current playing song can be displayed and a customizable message (set by admin)

15 . Allows control of maximum upload speed, to save some for something the admin may need (set by admin)

16 . Live mp3 streaming of a list of mp3 edited by the server admin

17 . Listing of files queued in streaming list

18 . Runs PHP cgi and fastcgi language if set enable (set by admin)

19 . Protection for all known exploits

20 . Nice interface to easily setup all your options

21 . Multi-language support (10 languages added) (set by admin)

22 . Full control of current connections made to server with /list_con and /list_con1 commands (usable by admin)

23 . All access to web server are logged in files organized by days

24 . Allows Smart Ip blocking in case of detected attack to server (set by admin)

25 . Contains complete and detailed documentation to allow the use and/or solving some of the most current problems

26 . Faster Web server, mirc based, that you can find (try it, compare and you will see)

27 . Addon 100% scripted in mirc with no use of Dlls

28 . Includes version check (autochecks if autostart is on or you can make it check in management options)

29 . Allow selective access to server using diferent logins (unlimited nº) and passwords, each one with diferent permissions set in
     config dialog (Extra Options section) by admin

30 . Allow connection reusage

31 . Support for Authentication Digest