You know you're an addict when: you would rather be at your IRC birthday party than out with real people!
You know you're an addict when: someone at work tells you a joke, and you say "ROTFLOL!"
You know you're an addict when: you have ever had a dream about the people in your channels.
You know you're an addict when: you leave the computer on just to see the mIRC logo!
You know you're an addict when: your friend Susan tells you something sad on the phone and you say "Awwww, /me hugs Susan.
You know you're an addict when: you keep begging your friends to get an internet account so "we can hang out."
You know you're an addict when: you want to meet a girl and your first impulse is to turn on your computer.
You know you're an addict when: you once devoted a weekend to "working on your popups."
You know you're an addict when: you sometimes go to #egypt "just to get away from it all."
You know you're an addict when: when you join #mIRC everyone types "Norm!"
You know you're an addict when: one time you used a feminine nick "just to mess with the horny net geeks."
You know you're an addict when: the words "takeover," "nick collide," and "flood" make your heart beat faster and your hands a little shakey.
You know you're an addict when: you try to change your ping reply and quit message daily.
You know you're an addict when: you have over 20 megs of .wav files in your mIRC directory.
You know you're an addict when: your child ignores your request and you wonder if she is lagged.
You know you're an addict when: you have ever wondered if there is a #mIRC-anon.
You know you're an addict when: you think that this is not fantasy but real life and you plan your whole life around IRC chat!
You know you're an addict when: you join #hispanola "just to work on my Spanish."
You know you're an addict when: when someone on the channel asks if anyone knows some good servers, everyone else types your nick.
You know you're an addict when: you join busy channels just to talk to yourself because the scrolling makes you feel better about it somehow.
You know you're an addict when: you've ever typed "drinking on irc is better than drinking alone.
You know you're an addict when: your pregnant wife goes into labor and you stop to type a "special" away message.
You know you're an addict when: YOU go into labor and you stop to type a "special" away message.
You know you're an addict when: you have a vanity car tag with your nick on it.
You know you're an addict when: you've been lagged so bad that you've switched servers so much you can see your nicks on the channel list 3 times.
You know you're an addict when: if your service provider calls *you* for tech support.
You know you're an addict when: if someone at work tells you a joke, and you say "LOL!"
You know you're an addict when: if you have ever had a dream about the people in your channels.
You know you're an addict when: if you have to scroll through your popup menu.
You know you're an addict when: if your friend tells you something sad on the phone and you say "Awwww, me hugs $$1..."
You know you're an addict when: if you are waiting your wife to accept your chat request, but she seems to have her ignore on.
You know you're an addict when: if you are bored between 5 moving channels.
You know you're an addict when: if you keep begging your friends to get an internet account so "we can hang out."
You know you're an addict when: if you once devoted a weekend to "working on your popups."
You know you're an addict when: if you sometimes go to #egypt "just to get away from it all."
You know you're an addict when: if you come home from class, look at your roommates, and say "rya."
You know you're an addict when: if you wait for your roommates to say "re."
You know you're an addict when: if the words "takeover," "nick collide," and "flood" make your heart beat faster and your hands a little shaky.
You know you're an addict when: if sometimes you type commands from the unix prompt you mistakenly begin them with a "/"
You know you're an addict when: if you make it a point to change your ping reply and quit message daily.
You know you're an addict when: if your child ignores your request, and you wonder: "he must be lagged."
You know you're an addict when: if you send internet Christmas cards. *wink*
You know you're an addict when: if you've ever felt the urge to type "*wink*"
You know you're an addict when: if you have ever wondered if there is a #irc-anon.
You know you're an addict when: if you have an IRC related web page.
You know you're an addict when: if you've ever went to one of those form-submit web page 'chats' just to say "You losers don't even know what IRC is, do you? Huh!? DO YOU!?"
You know you're an addict when: if you forget to eat because you have to guard your channels from being takeovered.
You know you're an addict when: if you receive a message in IRC from an old pal of yours and you say: "Sup m8 ! Long tyme noC."
You know you're an addict when: if you no longer type with proper punctuation, capitalization, or complete sentences.
You know you're an addict when: if your user modes are +iws +s because you don't feel right without it.
You know you're an addict when: if you don't know your girlfriend's first name.
You know you're an addict when: if your real life girlfriend gets on IRC because it's the only way to reach you.
You know you're an addict when: if you use words like "lame", "leet", "haxor" and "fuxor" in real life.
You know you're an addict when: if you find yourself wishing that bitch there were on IRC so you could flood her.
You know you're an addict when: if you tell your real life friends you have plans already on Saturday night when you don't.
You know you're an addict when: if you feel the need to talk in all caps to certain people in real life.
You know you're an addict when: if your desk is the only part of your room that you ever use (screw the bed).
You know you're an addict when: if you have ever put a smiley in a paper for work.
You know you're an addict when: if you call your friend and you /invite $$1 to #Watch_TV.
You know you're an addict when: if you offer the babysitter OPs when you go out for the night.
You know you're an addict when: if you refer to rush hour traffic as lagged.
You know you're an addict when: if, to avoid traffic, you tell your passenger to quit for a second and switch servers.
You know you're an addict when: if the word "I" is replaced in your vocabulary with /me.
You know you're an addict when: if you raise your hand in class and say "BRB."
You know you're an addict when: if you have more than three private message windows going simultaneously.
You know you're an addict when: if you don't subscribe to a certain ISP because they don't offer unlimited time.
You know you're an addict when: if, instead of taking a disk home from work, you set up your BOT to serve it to you later that night.
You know you're an addict when: if you no longer have to stop and explain to your friends what "RE ALL" means.
You know you're an addict when: if you begin to say hehehe or LOL instead of laughing.
You know you're an addict when: if you don't sleep at night because you stay up too late thinking of a title to your new script.
You know you're an addict when: if your most important files on your hard drive are in your mIRC directory.
You know you're an addict when: if you spend all day submitting your script to script archives.
You know you're an addict when: if you have more than 5 mIRC scripts installed in your computer.
You know you're an addict when: if you are waiting all day in IRC for your IRC girlfriend to log on.
You know you're an addict when: if you know, and use regularly, more than 10 different ways to smile in AscII text.
You know you're an addict when: if you cry when you see more than 3 quit messages with two servers listed as the reason.
You know you're an addict when: if, when someone says "what did you say?", you reply "scroll up!"
You know you're an addict when: if you sneak to the computer in the middle of the night to get in more IRC time.
You know you're an addict when: if, when someone complains about your phone being busy, you say it was off the hook.
You know you're an addict when: if you change nicks so much that you have to type /me to see who you are.
You know you're an addict when: if you would rather tell people your bloodshot eyes are from too much partying instead of the truth.
You know you're an addict when: if you put on special mood music while talking to certain people in private chats.
You know you're an addict when: if your friends on IRC were above your real life friends on your Christmas card list.
You know you're an addict when: if you find yourself involved in channel politics on IRC.
You know you're an addict when: if you ever turned down real hugs for {{{hugs}}} from IRC friends.
You know you're an addict when: if you have actually kept up with ten conversations at one time.
You know you're an addict when: if you postpone your graduation so you can keep your free .edu account.
You know you're an addict when: if you have ever written a pen and paper letter and found it impossible to do without the smileys.
You know you're an addict when: if you don't even bother answering the phone anymore.
You know you're an addict when: if you're willing to risk a divorce because your wife doesn't like the time you spend on the computer.
You know you're an addict when: if you are angry to mIRC's author about the 30kb limit in the popups.
You know you're an addict when: if you are satisfied when you list someone as ENEMY or a FRIEND.
You know you're an addict when: if you go to #CyberSex when you are horny.